improve implementation part (#420)
PaulBredl/config-assistant: paper/implementation.tex

Then, we explain the schema preprocessing steps that are required to generate the GUI editor.
Finally, we describe how we developed a new meta schema for JSON schema that is more suitable for our tool.

\subsection{Technologies}\label{subsec:technologies}

We use vue.js~\cite{vuejsVuejsProgressive} as the UI framework for our tool, combined with the component library PrimeVue~\cite{primevuePrimeVueComponent}.
A detailed list of all libraries used can be found in the wiki of our GitHub repository\footnote{\url{https://github.com/PaulBredl/config-assistant/wiki/All-libraries}}.
% Table~\ref{tab:libraries} (appendix) shows an overview of the most important libraries used and their purpose.

%\subsubsection{Settings}

% In the Settings view (figure~\ref{fig:settings} in appendix), the user can adjust various parameters (table~\ref{tab:settings} % in appendix) of \toolname{}.

\subsection{Code Panel}\label{subsec:code-editor}

The code editor is a GUI panel designed for editing the \cfgfiles.
For this project, we use the \textit{Ace Editor}\cite{Ace-Editor} library to embed an interactive code editor into our user interface.

> It provides useful features for our approach, such as syntax highlighting and code folding.

Author: We have :D

> It provides useful features for our approach, such as syntax highlighting and code folding.

Author: ![image](https://github.com/PaulBredl/config-assistant/assets/34026908/39feaeb3-fb69-4a3d-9337-88a823ec167c)
a lot of the code is collapsed

This feature helps the user to understand the constraints and the meaning of a property.

\begin{figure}[hbt]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=2.5in]{figures/Tooltip_example}
    \caption{Tool-tip}
    \label{fig:tooltip_example}
\end{figure}

\subsubsection{Highlighting Schema Validation Errors}
When the configuration data does not comply with the schema, the corresponding elements are underlined in red and highlighted with a red error icon.
This way, the user knows what parts of the data are invalid and what the error is.
Additionally, the schema information tooltip lists all schema violations, as shown in figure~\ref{fig:schema_violation}.

\begin{figure}[hbt]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=2.5in]{figures/schema_violation}
    \caption{Tool-tip with schema violation}
    \label{fig:schema_violation}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Schema preprocessing}\label{subsec:schema-preprocessing}

To represent the schema in the GUI editor, it is necessary to preprocess the schema as for some JSON schema keywords
it is not immediately clear how to represent them in a GUI\@.
For example, the \texttt{type} keyword can have multiple values, which represents a type union.

> Here there is no obvious GUI component that can represent this.

Author: ```suggestion
There is no obvious GUI component that represents this case.
```
